Oh
so peeps I've done my makeup and I've
put on a top a nice top so I could go
out I might go out I've got a ticket to
go out we'll see I'm gonna go down for
pries anyway and I have a drink or two
chat with my friends I probably will go
out but not for too long because I've
got no way 2 o'clock later tomorrow I
don't want to be boring I do want to
have fun and enjoy the student life but
also I've got so much work to do yeah
I've had my first - an experience I like
is the gene of the lemonade I like it
tastes fine though drinking's ok in
moderation
[Music]
[Applause]
so look I've just come back from a night
owl actually my first night out of this
town most likely my only night out of
this Sun I'm still cool I'm still really
cool I'm still young and hip
good morning everyone excuse my parents
I have literally just got out of that I
force myself to go out that I was
contemplating missing my first lecture I
just want another hour of sleep but I've
got work to Hanon dings I forgot to hand
it in yesterday so I've got to get it in
first thing this morning I can't delay
an hour before I get it in I mean in
first year I managed to go out and then
get up in time for lectures the
following day so I'm sure I can do it
now I want to leave like in 40 minutes
time I think what I want to leave in 36
minutes time I need to wash my hair I
need to have something to eat okay right
go go go I've just made myself a coffee
I'm having a belVita I've got about
three minutes till I need to leave so
it's all very fast paced this morning
days off to a good start just need to
keep going through these lectures so
hopefully the coffee is good our help
I managed to hand in my work at the
maths Department with two minutes to
spare to get to my lecture and once my
four hours of lectures were complete I
headed over to West cafe to grab some
lunch
hello everyone so I have quite a good
day you know I seem to quite enjoy my
Wednesday even though they're so busy
with like tulips had a bit of trouble
finding the pigeonhole I needed this
morning to hand in work so I ended up
being like five minutes late to my
lecture but in the grand scheme of
things it didn't really matter had two
coffees this morning and save
concentrators for pretty much all of my
lectures this morning and I'm about to
hand in possibly one of my best pieces
of supervision work ever in my opinion I
hate to be fair it's not complete I
still have a couple more questions two
attempts I haven't had time to do them
yet so I'm just going to attempt them
this evening and bring them with me to
the supervision more but like I think
there might be a few ticks on this work
I'm really proud of myself I just looked
it a bit more just after once in the
West cafe where I was working
yeah I don't know like the solutions
just came to me and I've been struggling
with it a week or so ago when I started
it but it turns out when you go away for
some terms of work and then when you
come back to it sometimes it just comes
to like a light bulb so think like this
of myself I've now got to go find
another pigeonhole which I feel no
struggle to find the spouse is it's in
the IOA and it's always looks at this
time and I don't have a key because they
don't have enough keys to give one to
the undergraduate students so I'm gonna
have to try him you get it don't wait
for someone else to turn up to go in the
door and also it's in a part of the IOA
that are not familiar with so should be
interesting
another thing is I actually had a good
time last night some things they did go
out I'm still not sold on clubbing in a
while it can be fun and if it's only for
a short time that's even better so I can
maximize my time getting my sleep and
welcome to the callee Institute for
cosmology
not gonna lie at this point I was
already lost my supervisor said his
pigeonhole was next to the printer yeah
I don't see any pigeon holes there I
continued to wander round came across
this cool disc which is used to position
optical fibres in telescopes
I would actually learn about this in
lectures so it was quite cool seeing
that
I've had success I just went into the
Kathleen building I haven't really been
in that building multiple
so yeah thought I'd film a bit of it to
show you guys a bit of what it's like
that's where all the cosmology is done
at the Institute I feel like when I walk
through buildings like that I feel so
intimidated because there's so many top
astrophysicists working there I'm
actually walking past the offices of so
many really intelligent people like top
people in astrophysics and then there's
little old me going and putting my work
in my supervisors pigeonhole and I'm
like I feel like an imposter
a little student just a third-year the
department is so friendly and so
welcoming to the undergraduate students
so yeah it's really nice I feel very
lucky to be studying here yeah on
Thursday evening I went and looked
through some telescopes the room is lit
by red light because the human eye is
less sensitive to longer wavelengths so
it preserves your night vision which is
useful when you want to see faint stars
through a telescope
here's me after cycling back in the rain
wrapped up warm in my fashionable
fluorescent belt of course
hello vlog it's a Friday and it is a
beautiful day I just got back into my
room I didn't have time to open my blind
before I left
sunlight it's such a blue sky the sun is
shining that puts me in a good mood I
had my one and only lecture of the day
and I understood it that put me in a
good mood I feel well rested I just had
a coffee break at the Institute
astronomy might have dragged it out
there but it was great I'm on top of my
laundry just gonna go put another load
on now things are just going my way
today I've met all my deadlines I've got
no deadlines for a few weeks
oh yeah I haven't even spoken to you
about this I went to an OPS night last
night which was like observing the Stars
we saw Venus as well whoa and what else
oh and the moon stars Venus and the moon
it was great we have access to
telescopes at the Institute of astronomy
and the Astronomical Society
regularly runs ops nights where everyone
gets together and observes together and
I have a laser guided tour of the
constellations and I have to say I was
just getting tired of everyone going
aha Paige is an astrophysicist and she
doesn't even know her constellations and
she doesn't even know what it's like to
look for a telescopes I was like right
will you change this I need to actually
go observing I've been meaning to both
ages but it keeps going cloudy so these
opportunites have kept being canceled
I hadn't passed my AUB's test until
about last week so I couldn't go myself
these telescopes on the clear night so
yeah I just hadn't really got around to
getting a bit of an education in
observation but I've been and it was
good and considering my lecture course
recently has been all about telescopes
and how they work I think it made a lot
of sense for me to actually go try using
all myself anyway I don't think I'm
going to go into Astro photography I
don't think that is the path for me
because my pictures were appalling
through the telescope some people were
getting such good photos of the moon
through the telescope I tried and I got
the blur eased pictures ever but you
know it was fun I saw the moon it looked
cool in real life with my own eyes
hopefully now when I look up on a clear
night I will be able to recognize
constellations at least a few of them
[Music]
hello everyone I have just been to the
college gym and didn't even do cardio I
did weights
yeah I've exercised my legs my legs are
gonna be really strong now proud of
myself actually you know actually giving
it a try so for you to go me I think my
legs might hurt tomorrow
hello vlog yesterday after going to the
gym I came back went to CAF I went to
the launch night of the John Hughes Arts
Festival which is an Arts Festival which
is run at Jesus College every year I've
been for the last two years so this is
my third year attending the launch night
so that's just quite a nice thing to do
lots of people's artwork is up a lot of
it is done by Jesus college students and
the whole festival is organized and run
by Jesus college students and there's
some really talented artists around
Jesus College there's also free wine we
do love that this afternoon I have been
working at my desk on my computing
project hadn't actually done any
computer I've been figuring out what I
actually need to code so it's kind of
two steps with all these computing
projects the first step is to figure out
what's going on mathematically second
step how do i code it I'm now on to the
second step which is good but that's
often a stumbling block to me the second
step because I do not have a lot of
experience coding I've been listening to
music I've always said before that I
feel like music distract me when
studying but I think I might be changing
my mind
when it's instrumental music or just
piano music it doesn't distract me
because I come not singing along to
anything
admittedly other music probably does
distract me but also is a Saturday night
and I'm studying and you know I need a
bit of music to get me through that it's
quite sad that on a Saturday night I'm
sitting in my room doing work rather
than having fun this is the wild life of
a Cambridge student I mean I suppose
it's not just Cambridge like students
everywhere with the student lifestyle
you don't really
weekends or at least I don't a weekend
feels pretty much like a weekday for me
apart from the fact that I have less
lectures and I have to work on Saturday
and Sundays otherwise I just won't keep
up with my work however I feel like
during the week I probably work less
hard than someone doing a full-time job
during the week I'm often not starting
my day until 10 o'clock when my first
lecture starts and my lifestyle is very
flexible so I don't hate the student
lifestyle it's a really chilled out
lifestyle I can walk around wearing my
hoodie the whole time I'm only scheduled
to do things for 14 hours per week
that's lectures and supervisions the
rest of my time is free for me to use
however I like I really just plan my own
time every week and I like that freedom
I like it a lot I don't know whether I'm
just comfy with the student lifestyle
though or whether it actually is the
preferable lifestyle for me as opposed
to a nine-to-five job Monday to Friday I
don't know well I do know though is that
I work very hard I'm not gonna talk down
how much I work because I do work a lot
this evening I'm having a film night
with my friends starting and just over
an hour's time I don't really get as
much work as possible done beforehand
let's go
I pee film night was enjoyable yesterday
evening I got up at a reasonable time
this morning it's been pouring with rain
and really windy outside today so I
haven't left the house I have just sat
in my room tried to walk on my computing
project my code isn't working but I'm
trying to stay calm about it it's fine I
don't understand why it isn't working
I've noticed we got an if statement and
I've said is this quantity equals this
quantity then take this quantity and the
two quantities that I'm comparing are
definitely equal to each other but the
computer seems to think that they're not
equal to each other
it's very annoying because I know these
two quantities I'm looking at them they
are the same but apparently my code
doesn't think so so I'm going to take a
step away from it it's fine and I'm
gonna get ready to go out so going out
for dinner this evening
with my friends what we're going to a
restaurant called pint shop in Cambridge
to celebrate Will's birthday about two
months is it two months over two months
since his birthday but we didn't
actually properly have a celebration for
it at the end of last term we've got my
present and everything but let the end
of last term was really busy so we are
going out to this evening I am just
going to forget about my exist
it just goes away hello we have come out
hello's log so now we are the evil part
which is a pub in Cambridge I haven't
actually ever been in here before I've
walked past it plenty of times it's my
first time here it's quite cozy little
place yes near Corpus Christi college if
you know I'm very school early dinner
had a lot of good food I think we're
gonna head back I'm not gonna do any
more work this evening I've got a bit
frustrated with my computing projects
earlier I don't wish to return to that
so hello guys so I'm just about to head
off to lectures and I thought I'd end
this vlog here since the next few days a
pretty much standard just lectures
nothing much planned lots of supervision
work to get done and it gets quite
exciting next week when I've suddenly
got loads of events on oh and this look
here we had a great time last night I
enjoyed going out for a meal it's nice
to do that once in a while you know
feeling refreshed going into this week
then head off so I'm on time for my
first lecture of the day but thank you
very much for watching this vlog give
the video a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe to see more videos from me hit
the notification belt then you're
notified when I upload so you don't miss
a video
well let me over on my instagram which
is at underscore page underscore why and
yeah i'll see you soon with another
video bye guys
[Music]
[Applause]